lower fielddata circuit breaker's default limit (#27162)
elastic/elasticsearch: docs/reference/migration/migrate_7_0/indices.asciidoc

setting is `true`, the default parent breaker limit also changes from 70% to 95% of the JVM heap size.
The previous behavior can be restored by setting `indices.breaker.total.use_real_memory` to `false`.

[float]
==== Field data circuit breaker changes

> Lower the default field data circuit breaker limit from 60% to 40% as `doc_values` was introduced for

Reviewer: Can we please change the wording a little bit?

```suggestion
As doc values have been enabled by default in earlier versions of Elasticsearch,
there is less need for fielddata. Therefore, the default value of the setting
`indices.breaker.fielddata.limit` has been lowered from 60% to 40% of the JVM
heap size. 
```
